[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today on "Cosmic
Disclosure," we are with Tim,
who is speaking with
us from Germany.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
that's related to
extraterrestrial life.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>> TIM: Thank you for having me.
>> EMERY: Tim, we've
seen a lot of coverage.
The UFOs, the UAPs, and media.
Are they preparing us for
some ET contact, do you think?
>> TIM: Yes, definitely.
So we know that the
knowledge about the existence
of other forms of
life in the universe
is well known for many decades.
But what we're
seeing now actually
is a preparation in order
to bring this truth forward.
So we see as you said, a lot
of coverage in the media.
We've seen that different
incidents have been
covered in media and reported.
For example, it all started
with the Nimitz event
where for the first time, UAPs
were actually seen on video
and brought to the
public knowledge.
We also see that the
Pentagon released partially
some of the UFO files.
What we also see is
that more and more
often, UAP incidents are unknown
objects flying in the skies
are being reported.
And we do see that in
a synchronized way,
even though not all
media coverage is
the same in every country,
we have the same incidents
in Chinese media
and Russian media
and in US and Western media, but
still different target groups
are targeted differently.
>> EMERY: How do you account for
the change of attitude in media
without the ridicule factor
that we've seen before?
>> TIM: The government, the
media has portrayed UAPs
and the topic of UFOs and
life outside of planet Earth
as something to make fun
about for so many years.
So the question is, how do we
get from point A to point B?
And point A is
the acknowledgment
and the existence of other life
forms outside of this planet.
So what we see is
that different groups
are targeted differently.
That means that the
typical viewer of Gaia,
for example, is prepared
differently compared
to the mainstream target group.
So what we've seen is that
more and more the assumption
that UFOs, UAPs are a real
thing is being brought
to the mainstream media.
There is actual footage being
put out by those Nimitz events.
But we also see
different headlines
in the media like people are
talking about unknown objects
in the airspace of the United
States of America and Canada,
China, and Russia as well.
We know that a
lot of the priming
is being done through putting
out certain cohesive terms.
And that we have the
UAP term as a new term.
Is also one indicator
that we're now
being prepared in a
different way, which
means that we can actually
fill in the mind space
and cut off all the
expectations that
are linked to the word UFO.
And we also see that the
mainstream news channels
are actually talking about
unknown flying objects
all the time.
And that actually primes,
in some way, the mainstream
population that there are indeed
unknown objects in the sky.
We even have that in the
official lingo of the Pentagon,
the White House when the press
actually asked the White House,
are these unknown
flying objects coming
from an extraterrestrial source?
So we see that all these
little words and terms
are being portrayed and
brought into the media in order
to prime people and to prepare
them for this kind of change.
>> EMERY: Do various media
sources target different
audiences?
And if so, why is that?
>> TIM: So basically we have
different target groups all
over the place.
And this began on
the national level,
for example, that we
have countries that deal
with the subject differently.
We actually have countries
that are very strictly
based on certain religions
and belief systems.
And these have to
target their population
in a different way
than, for example,
the United States of America or
Russia or China or even Europe.
But we see that the
coverage is different in all
those countries.
And actually, through
internet blockages,
we don't perceive foreign
media in that way.
So a huge percentage of
the Western population
did not actually
receive the news
that unknown objects have been
shot down over China or Russia,
but have been focusing on those
objects in the Western world,
especially Canada and the US.
>> EMERY: That's not
a coincidence that
they're shooting them down now.
Are these even real craft, Tim?
>> TIM: I think the audience
of Gaia is well enough prepared
to know that a UAP that
uses electromagnetic
and electrogravitic propulsion
systems and defense systems
will not react physically in the
same way as a solid object that
use Newton's law, in that way.
So the probabilities
that a UAP can
be shot down by a standard
F-22 aircraft is pretty low.
Because it actually generates
its own gravitational field
around it, it has certain
different defensive mechanisms,
and the speed and acceleration
is much, much higher
than conventional military
forces can provide.
Still, the coverage
of that indicates
that conventional military and
conventional weapons are still
capable of bringing a
UAP down to the ground.
This, on the one hand,
portrays, of course,
the military as a
strong force that
is still capable of
defending its own airspace.
But it also indicates that those
UAPs that have been shot down
or if ever, were no
UAPs in that way.
Another fact is that the
airspace around Earth in itself
is pretty much locked up.
There's no UAP, no
technology that does not
have the official papers and
official allowance currently
in or around Earth airspace.
So the whole incidents that
those objects been shot down
are no UAPs in that way.
But our conventional
weather balloons
or technology related
to Earth, it still
means that those are not real
UAPs from an unknown source.
>> EMERY: What do you
think we're seeing?
And how does the
media play into that?
>> TIM: So one thing that is
relevant is the actual form
that is being portrayed.
So in the Nimitz event, we
see that they were actually
talking about Tic Tacs.
And this form is actually
existing in the UAP world.
The species that is
actually building
those and this
technology, in particular,
is actually selling it to
different other species
as well.
Speaking about a
Tic Tac UFO means
that we are actually talking
about an actual form that
really exists.
It's not a UFO that is
unrelated to anything real,
but it's something
that's been portrayed
and it's preparing people for
an actual UAP in the future.
It also seems that
the information
we get from the Pentagon
or the White House
were explicitly talking about
grayish metal round objects.
No propulsion system,
seems to be floating.
So these are the words that have
been put out into the public.
And that also prepares
people for the existence
of actually this kind of UFO.
So in my opinion,
I would estimate
that one of the next
incidents could actually
bring the assumption, the
official assumption with it,
that it's a possibility that
this object in the future
will not be from Earth.
So what we're also seeing
are deepfake videos
where prominent politicians are
actually addressing the nation
and speaking about these UAPs
and those unknown objects
to be from
extraterrestrial origin.
Those videos are
actually very well-made.
And I found that pretty
interesting, actually.
Because on the one hand,
the audio and the videos
are professionally made.
But there are also hints
and indicators that
show that this is a deepfake.
I assume, and even though I
don't have intel about that,
I would think that these
are videos that are actually
testing the real reaction of
people receiving those videos.
>> EMERY: You use the term
about our space being locked up.
What does that mean?
And who has it locked up well?
>> TIM: Well, the Earth itself
is going through enormous
changes right now.
So the planet itself is coming
from a lower frequential
energetic area in
space and it's now
heading towards a more
energetic location in that way.
And the preparation
for this shift
that is currently going on have
been taken for almost a decade
or something.
So all groups on
this planet actually
know that this is a
very critical time.
So they've made
sure that there's
a special protection of
planet Earth in that way
that no foreign
force should actually
intervene with the
process that's going on.
Because this is such
a sensitive time,
the chances are pretty high that
bases and forces that are not
friendly towards the planet
could take this as a chance
in order to bring
destabilization to the planet.
And this has been taken care of.
>> EMERY: Why is there interest
in preparing humanity for extra
political parties and partners?
>> TIM: We're actually dealing
with a different scenario
in the future, which means that
the planet itself needs to open
up for a situation where it's
not alone in the universe
but we have neighbors and we
have different other life forms
all around us.
Well, we see a lot of advantages
and positive points about that.
But we also see some things
that need to be improved.
And one of those advantages
is that there are more chances
in order to create trade
outside of planet Earth.
But there are also
disadvantages and weaknesses
that come from the shifting
situation from the past.
So if we take the human
military, for example,
and the trading
companies as well,
we could see that the planet--
a not prepared
planet in that way,
is not working efficiently.
So there are measures
been taken in order
to bring this planet to a
fully functional open society.
>> EMERY: What kind of trade
would we have with ET species,
and do these species have
to be similar to humans?
>> TIM: Actually, the human
species itself is mostly
concentrated on trading with
beings that are pretty similar,
because that is the way you
can get the most out of those
trades.
Because a species that has the
same attributes in the way they
live, their lifestyle,
what they consume,
what they breathe
in that way, these
are all criteria
for a good trade.
One of the number 1 trading
goals is actually technology.
We've seen from the
1940s on that technology
was and is something that
humans are very interested in.
We've seen that the internet
itself, LEDs, night goggles.
All this technology
that suddenly occurred
in the 1950s, those
are pretty much
coming from outside sources.
This is another reason why trade
and preparation is so important
right now.
Because the human species
itself has certain weaknesses
compared to other species.
If you think about mainstream
science, then the human species
itself is about a few
thousand years on this planet.
This is not a very large span
compared to the overall age
of the universe.
And there are species--
because that's the
way time works,
you always have species that
are far more advanced and--
locations that are
far more advanced.
And these beings, these
proportions of the universe,
they have had much more
time in order to prepare.
And they might have capabilities
that the human body does not
have yet.
So if we are, for
example, talking
about psionic waves, which
is the ability in order
to connect to the
reality of the universe,
in order to spiritually
connect to that
and in order to modify
your own reality,
and maybe even utilize that
as a force in some way,
this is something the human
species still struggles on.
Compared to other species
and to other possibilities
in the universe, this would
actually make a weakness.
>> EMERY: It's easy to
understand how humans can
benefit from ET
trade and contact.
But what do ETs
gain from humankind?
>> TIM: They would benefit a lot
from the technology that Earth
humans prepared, because this
species is actually a lot about
technology, a lot about AI.
And there are other
species that don't
have this tendency towards it.
But there's also
something else, which
is kind of a factor that brings
destabilization to the planet
but could also be
the number one gain
point in the future, which is
the warrior nature of humans.
So there are
actually species out
there that have not developed
around an aggressive lifestyle.
They actually do not have
the problems and issues that
come along with that attitude,
but they are also not
capable of protecting
themselves.
So selling technology,
trading resources
is something that's been going
on for quite some time now
outside of the eyes
of the mainstream.
But it's also the protective
and military complex
that actually has an interest
in dealing with those species.
>> EMERY: If humans are less
advanced when it comes to space
travel, then aside from warring
mentality, what do we offer?
>> TIM: Well, my opinion is that
around the time after World War
II, history split
up in some way.
So what we've seen is
that the acknowledgment
of extraterrestrial realities,
well, they basically
come from the time of the 1950s.
We've seen those so-called
Foo Fighters in World War II,
we've talked a lot about
the Roswell accidents
and all the media coverage
and certain other events.
And millions of people
have actually seen UFOs.
But behind the scenes,
the military actually
tried to split up from
the mainstream in a very
profound way.
So they found their own sources
of founding of resources
and they re-engineered a lot of
the technology that they found.
President Eisenhower actually,
he talked about that.
He acknowledged the fact
that the military actually
was splitting up
from the mainstream
governmental
situation and system.
And this has been going
on for quite some time.
So if you're asking
me, I can definitely
say that the Earth military has
been in space and is in space.
We heard Haim Eshed
talk about it.
He's actually saying
that there's even
a base on planet Mars.
And he's been responsible for
the Israeli space program.
And it's not even
really acknowledged
in the mainstream press.
So it's been going
on behind the scenes.
And even further
behind the scenes,
we have that going
on for decades now.
>> EMERY: Are human military
forces capable of being
protectors of Earth in the face
of extraterrestrial encounters?
>> TIM: What we've seen over the
decades is that we mainly have
some kind of breakaway
military situation,
where Earth's military has
actually been separated
into a conventional force,
which is also portrayed
in the mainstream media but also
a more advanced force that has
actually been capable and
actually doing off-planet
missions right now and
in the last few years.
We do see an effort in order to
bring those two branches or two
separated militaries together by
actually founding and bringing
in those space forces.
We've talked a lot about
the US Space Force.
A lot of people might
forget that there's actually
space forces all over
the place, newly founded.
We see them in Great Britain.
Germany has a new
branch of military,
even though it's not being
portrayed in the mainstream
media and not covered at all.
And different other countries
have those new branches
as well.
So we see the
actual effort being
made to bring those
breakaway militaries
and the conventional
military together.
What is really important to this
is the willingness to protect.
Because over the
last few decades,
the more advanced
military branches
were not actually involved in
the situation that is going on
on the planet itself.
We see a development
from military branches
that actually became capable of
going off planet in the 1950s,
1960s and been doing space
missions more and more
but not caring for the actual
social and political situation
on the planet.
They got away even more from
the administrative side.
So they are not actually
that much overlooked
from conventional
politics in that way.
This resulted in this kind
of breakaway situation.
The most important development
that I personally see
is that those advanced
branches of the military
are actually right now openly
communicating and showing
through those
actions that they are
willing to protect the Earth.
>> EMERY: If we've been going
to off planet since the 1950s,
that suggests the Covert
Space Force is a good 70 years
in advance of our
conventional space program.
How do we compare to other
space faring planets?
And how do we prepare
for uninvited guests
who might be coming to Earth?
>> TIM: What do we
have to see is, yes,
the conventional or the
breakaway military is being
involved in technological
advancement for 70 years now,
but the development of
technology is actually
exponentially.
So we cannot compare the
development of the conventional
military to the path that the
advanced military has been
going through because.
While they went
deeper and deeper
into other realities
and other species,
collecting technology was
one of their main priorities.
We don't have the normal
mainstream learning
curve in the same way that
the conventional military is
annually upgrading
their technology,
but you have an exponential
development in that way.
So speaking about an
advancement of 70 years
would be a bit
misleading, because it's
far more advanced in that way.
If you're speaking
about other species,
then you have to integrate the
factor that those species might
have had hundreds of thousands
of years of development,
maybe even millions
or billions of years.
Because that's the way
the universe works.
We actually have
this time phenomenon
where always species and
locations are far more advanced
and ahead of other locations.
So is the human military
actually prepared
to defend Earth
from outside forces?
I would say relatively yes.
But there are some weaknesses
to the human military.
And if I elaborate
on them, you will see
and you will
understand and connect
the dots that's
going on, actually.
So one of those factors are
the psionic capabilities.
Psionic capabilities
are actually
the spiritual factor of warring
in that particular case,
actually.
Which means that you could
use your connectivity
to the universe and to
reality itself in order
to modify reality
and to use this
as a force against
other species.
The human society actually
used to be very focused
on Newtonian physics, a logical
way of understanding nature
and reality itself.
Other species have
come to the point that
reality itself is
not linear but can
be modified in any possible
way and any thinkable way.
It's kind of a self-limiting
factor to the human mind
that they could not interfere
and modify reality in that way.
So everyone saying
this is not possible
is actually limiting
their own reality
and their own connectivity
to that reality.
But other species are
actually utilizing this force.
So one of the major
concerns actually
is that an outside psionically
well-developed species
could use their psychic
possibilities and skills
and capabilities in order to
modify or harm the reality
that humans are living in.
So this is number 1, and number
2 is quite understandably
the technological approach.
So while the advanced
military's actually
been collecting technology,
all over the universe for quite
some time, there
are also species
that are far more
advanced in that matter
and have linked that
technology to AI systems
or even to their own
psychological and spiritual
nature.
So technology, while the human
species is quite far ahead
compared to similar
species, there
are still other locations in
the universe where technology
is millions of years ahead.
>> EMERY: With the existence
of UFOs and the possibility
of extraterrestrial
life being out there,
Gaia gets a certain level
of advanced information.
The mainstream, however,
the news outlets
are so superficial with
the level of information
that's provided.
What do you believe is the
strategy for that and why?
>> TIM: So the strategy is
actually to gradually bring
forward the existence and
reality of non-terrestrial
species in order to benefit from
all the open systems situation
that is going on in order to
bring people into this new
reality and in order to have
more personnel, more fundings,
more technology.
So the situation among people
on Earth is not homogeneous.
We see that different countries
have different backgrounds.
The US, for example, through
the Roswell incident,
they have this
media coverage that
is pretty unique in the
Western world compared
to other countries.
Topics and interviews
like this are possible,
which would not be possible
in Europe, for example,
in Germany, or in other
countries, especially
those countries who have a
more religious background
and a stronger integration
of religious thoughts
and reality systems in that way.
So the actual way
to address people
is that each country
is responsible of going
this path on their own.
So they know what their
population needs to know,
and they know how to
address those people.
But we also see that
incidents are being copied
in some way along the way.
So things that are happening
around Russia or China
are happening in the
Western world as well.
But the media coverage
is not portraying
what's happening there.
So yes, actually
people on Gaia are
receiving a lot more of the
truth and the reality that's
going on at the behind the
scenes looks and intel.
And this is still
behind the curtain
of the membership of Gaia.
Just assuming that those
people who are watching this
are well prepared
for this reality
and don't need the media
coverage and the maneuvering
around it compared to
the mainstream people.
>> EMERY: Why is there a sudden
shift to push this information
into the mainstream
population, Tim?
Is there something
unusual happening
in the nearby universe?
>> TIM: Well, this has to do
with the spiritual and physical
nature of the planet itself.
So each planet goes
through certain cycles
of enhancing consciousness
and realities in that way.
So reality is not
linear or not stagnant.
But it's also in a spiral
way, upgrading itself.
And the planet is
actually right now going
through enormous shifting
and enormous restructuring
of energies.
And this is also portrayed in
the media for quite some time
now.
So Chinese scientists,
for example,
talked about the Earth
core coming to a stop
and even reversing its motion.
So what we see through
this kind of media
portray is that there is
actually a physical shift.
And we do know about it
for at least a decade.
So all of this is
currently happening.
And the media are
actually playing a role
in preparing people for this.
Putting out
advertisements that people
should be prepping for
certain situations.
So they actually
came to my attention,
and I don't have
intel about that but I
found it quite interesting.
That there's quite a number
of new media outlets, new news
pages on the internet
that, for example pick up
all these earthquakes
and the Earth core
coming to a reversed motion.
And they deal with it in
a different way compared
to the mainstream media.
While the mainstream media
is always speaking about it
in a still kind of denying
way, those news outlets
are actually
acknowledging that there
is some relation, some
correlation to it,
but it's still not--
it's not easily quotable.
Those new news outlets, they
don't have the same respect
that mainstream media, for
example, has in society.
>> EMERY: As we conclude
this episode about the media
preparing humanity
for ET contact?
What is the end game as
we look to the future?
>> TIM: So from what I know,
there are some scenarios
planned ahead that could occur.
And what we see is that with the
current media coverage of UFOs
or unknown objects in the
airspace in Canada, USA,
and China, Russia, we
see that they actually
prepare in some way
for an incident that
could occur that deepens
the acknowledgment
of non-terrestrial life.
I would say that one
of the next incidents
could actually raise the
question much more profoundly,
much deeper in that way,
if those objects are really
from Earth or maybe even
from extraterrestrial origin.
And that will eventually
lead to the debate
and the acknowledgment
that we're not alone
in the universe.
And while we know that
there are tens of thousands
other species, potentially,
the media coverage
will only be about one or maybe
even two or three of them.
>> EMERY: Tim, I want to
thank you so much for sharing
your personal story with us.
>> TIM: Thank you for having me.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next season.
[THEME MUSIC]